The employee is unable to work.

The employee is unable to telework.

The employee is subject to a Federal quarantine order related to COVID-19.

The employee is subject to a Federal isolation order related to COVID-19.

The employee is subject to a State quarantine order related to COVID-19.

The employee is subject to a State isolation order related to COVID-19.

The employee is subject to a local quarantine order related to COVID-19.

The employee is subject to a local isolation order related to COVID-19.

An employee who is a health care provider.

An employee who is an emergency responder

An employee shall be entitled to paid sick time for an amount of hours determined under [statement 4].

The amount of hours of paid sick time to which a full-time employees are entitled shall be 80 hours.

The amount of hours of paid sick time to which a part-time employees are entitled shall be a number of hours equal to the number of hours that such employee works, on average, over a 2-week period.	

Paid sick time under this section shall not carry over from 1 year to the next

Paid sick time provided to an employee under this Act shall cease beginning with the employee's next scheduled workshift.

Paid sick time provided to an employee under this Act shall cease immediately following the termination of the need for paid sick time under subsection (a).

The paid sick time under subsection (a) shall be available for immediate use by the employee for the purposes described in such subsection, regardless of how long the employee has been employed by an employer.

An employee may first use the paid sick time under subsection (a) for the purposes described in such subsection.

Discharge shall be unlawful. 

Discipline shall be unlawful.

Discriminate against shall be unlawful.

An employer who violates section 5102 shall be considered to have failed to pay minimum wages in violation of section 6 of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (29 U.S.C. 206).

An employer who violates section 5102 shall be subject to the penalties described in sections 16 and 17 of such Act (29 U.S.C. 216; 217) with respect to such violation.

Nothing in this Act shall be construed to in any way diminish the rights that an employee is entitled to under any other Federal law.

Nothing in this Act shall be construed to in any way diminish the benefits that an employee is entitled to under any other Federal law.

Nothing in this Act shall be construed to in any way diminish the rights that an employee is entitled to under any other State.

Nothing in this Act shall be construed to in any way diminish the benefits that an employee is entitled to under any other State.

Nothing in this Act shall be construed to in any way diminish the rights that an employee is entitled to under any local law.

Nothing in this Act shall be construed to in any way diminish the benefits that an employee is entitled to under any local law.

Nothing in this Act shall be construed to in any way diminish the rights that an employee is entitled to under any collective bargaining agreement.

Nothing in this Act shall be construed to in any way diminish the benefits that an employee is entitled to under any collective bargaining agreement.

Nothing in this Act shall be construed to in any way diminish the rights that an employee is entitled to under any existing employer policy.

Nothing in this Act shall be construed to in any way diminish the benefits that an employee is entitled to under any existing employer policy.

Nothing in this Act shall be construed to require financial reimbursement to an employee from an employer upon the employee's termination from employment for paid sick time under this Act that has not been used by such employee.

Nothing in this Act shall be construed to require financial reimbursement to an employee from an employer upon the employee's resignation from employment for paid sick time under this Act that has not been used by such employee.

Nothing in this Act shall be construed to require financial reimbursement to an employee from an employer upon the employee's retirement from employment for paid sick time under this Act that has not been used by such employee.

Nothing in this Act shall be construed to require financial reimbursement to an employee from an employer upon the employee's other separation from employment for paid sick time under this Act that has not been used by such employee.

Nothing in this Act shall be construed to require other reimbursement to an employee from an employer upon the employee's termination from employment for paid sick time under this Act that has not been used by such employee.

Nothing in this Act shall be construed to require other reimbursement to an employee from an employer upon the employee' resignation from employment for paid sick time under this Act that has not been used by such employee.

Nothing in this Act shall be construed to require other reimbursement to an employee from an employer upon the employee's retirement from employment for paid sick time under this Act that has not been used by such employee.

Nothing in this Act shall be construed to require other reimbursement to an employee from an employer upon the employee's other separation from employment for paid sick time under this Act that has not been used by such employee.

This Act shall take effect not later than 15 days after the date of enactment of this Act.

The requirements under this Act shall take effect not later than 15 days after the date of enactment of this Act.

This Act shall expire on December 31, 2020.

The requirements under this Act, shall expire on December 31, 2020.

The terms ``employee'' means an individual. 

[Individual] is an employee, as defined in section 3(e) of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (29 U.S.C. 203(e)), except that a reference in such section to an employer shall be considered to be a reference to an employer described in clauses (i)(I) and (ii) of paragraph (5)(A). 

[Individual] is not covered under subparagraph (E)including such an employee of the Library of Congress.  

[Individual] is not covered under subparagraph(F) including such an employee of the Library of Congress. 

[Individual] [is] employee of the Government Accountability Office.

[Individual] is a State employee described in section 304(a) of the Government Employee Rights Act of 1991 (42 U.S.C. 2000e-16c(a)).

[Individual] is a State employee described in section 304(a) of the Government Employee Rights Act of 1991 (42 U.S.C. 2000e-16c(a)).

[Individual] is covered employee, as defined in section 101 of the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1301), other than an applicant for employment.

[Individual] is a covered employee, as defined in section 411(c) of title 3, United States Code.

[Individual] is a Federal officer covered under subchapter V of chapter 63 of title 5, United States Code.

[Individual] is a employee covered under subchapter V of chapter 63 of title 5, United States Code.

[Individual] is any other individual occupying a position in the civil service (as that term is defined in section 2101(1) of title 5, United States Code).

The term ``employer'' means a person

A person is a covered employer, as defined in subparagraph (B), who is not covered under subclause (V).

A person is an entity employing a State employee described in section 304(a) of the Government Employee Rights Act of 1991.

A person is an employing office, as defined in section 101 of the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995.

A person is an employing office as defined in section 411(c) of title 3, United States Code.

A person is an Executive Agency as defined in section 105 of title 5, United States Code, and including the U.S. Postal Service and the Postal Regulatory Commission.

A person is engaged in commerce (including government).

A person is engaged in an industry.

A person is engaged in activity affecting commerce (including government), as defined in subparagraph (B)(iii).

In subparagraph (A)(i)(I), the term ``covered employer'' means.

Any person engaged in commerce that in the case of a private entity, employs fewer than 500 employees.

Any person engaged in commerce that in the case of a individual entity, employs fewer than 500 employees.

Any person engaged in commerce that in the case of a public agency employs 1 or more  employees.

Any person engaged in commerce that in the case of any other entity that is not a private entity or individual, employs 1 or more  employees.

Any person engaged in any industry that in the case of a private entity, employs fewer than 500 employees.

Any person engaged in any industry that in the case of a individual entity, employs fewer than 500 employees.

Any person engaged in any industry that in the case of a public agency employs 1 or more  employees.

Any person engaged in any industry that in the case of any other entity that is not a private entity or individual, employs 1 or more  employees.

Any person engaged activity affecting commerce that in the case of a private entity employs fewer than 500 employees.

Any person engaged activity affecting commerce that in the case of a individual entity employs fewer than 500 employees.

Any person engaged activity affecting commerce that in the case of a public agency employs 1 or more  employees.

Any person engaged activity affecting commerce that in the case any other entity that is not a private entity or individual, employs 1 or more  employees.

In subparagraph (A)(i)(I), the term ``covered employer'' includes.

In subparagraph (A)(i)(I), the term ``covered employer'' includes any successor in  interest of an employer.

In subparagraph (A)(i)(I), the term ``covered employer'' includes any ``public agency'', as defined in section 3(x) of  the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (29  U.S.C. 203(x)). 

In subparagraph (A)(i)(I), the term ``covered employer'' includes the Government Accountability Office.

In subparagraph (A)(i)(I), the term ``covered employer'' includes the Library of Congress.

For purposes of clause (i)(IV), a public agency shall be considered to be a person engaged in commerce.

For purposes of clause (i)(IV), a public agency shall be considered to be a person engaged in an industry.

For purposes of clause (i)(IV), a public agency shall be considered to be a person engaged in an activity affecting commerce.

For purposes of this subparagraph the term ``commerce'' means any activity in commerce.

For purposes of this subparagraph the terms ``commerce'' means any activity in which a labor dispute would hinder commerce or the free flow of commerce.

For purposes of this subparagraph the terms ``commerce'' means any activity in which a labor dispute would obstruct commerce or the free flow of commerce.

For purposes of this subparagraph the terms ``commerce'' means any business in commerce.

For purposes of this subparagraph the terms ``commerce'' means any business in which a labor dispute would hinder commerce or the free flow of commerce.

For purposes of this subparagraph the terms ``commerce'' means any business in which a labor dispute would obstruct commerce or the free flow of commerce.

For purposes of this subparagraph the terms ``commerce'' means any industry in commerce.

For purposes of this subparagraph the terms ``commerce'' means any industry in which a labor dispute would hinder commerce or the free flow of commerce.

For purposes of this subparagraph the terms ``commerce'' means any industry in which a labor dispute would obstruct commerce or the free flow of commerce.

For purposes of this subparagraph the terms ``industry or activity affecting commerce'' means any activity in commerce. 

For purposes of this subparagraph the terms ``industry or activity affecting commerce'' means any activity in which a labor dispute would hinder commerce or the free flow of commerce. 

For purposes of this subparagraph the terms ``industry or activity affecting commerce'' means any activity in commerce or in which a labor dispute would obstruct commerce or the free flow of commerce.

For purposes of this subparagraph the terms ``industry or activity affecting commerce'' means any business in commerce. 

For purposes of this subparagraph the terms ``industry or activity affecting commerce'' means any business in which a labor dispute would hinder commerce or the free flow of commerce. 

For purposes of this subparagraph the terms ``industry or activity affecting commerce'' means any business in commerce or in which a labor dispute would obstruct commerce or the free flow of commerce. 

For purposes of this subparagraph the terms ``industry or activity affecting commerce'' means any industry in commerce. 

For purposes of this subparagraph the terms ``industry or activity affecting commerce'' means any industry in commerce or in which a labor dispute would hinder commerce or the free flow of commerce. 

For purposes of this subparagraph the terms ``industry or activity affecting commerce'' means any industry in commerce or in which a labor dispute would obstruct commerce or the free flow of commerce. 

For purposes of this subparagraph the term ``commerce'' include ``commerce'' as defined in paragraphs (1) and (3) of section 501 of the Labor Management Relations Act of 1947 (29 U.S.C. 142 (1) and (3)).

For purposes of this subparagraph the terms ``industry or activity affecting commerce'' include any ``industry affecting commerce'' as defined in paragraphs (1) and (3) of section 501 of the Labor Management Relations Act of 1947 (29 U.S.C. 142 (1) and (3)).

For purposes of this subparagraph the term ``employee'' has the same meaning given such term in section 3(e) of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (29 U.S.C. 203(e)).

For purposes of this subparagraph the term ``person'' has the same meaning given such term in section 3(a) of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (29 U.S.C. 203(a)).

The term ``employ'' has the meanings given such terms in section 3 of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (29 U.S.C. 203).

The term ``State'' has the meanings given such terms in section 3 of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (29 U.S.C. 203).

The term ``health care provider'' has the meanings given such terms in section 101 of the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993 (29 U.S.C. 2611).

The terms ``son or daughter'' has the meanings given such terms in section 101 of the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993 (29 U.S.C. 2611).

The term ``paid sick time'' means an increment of compensated leave that--(i) is provided by an employer for use during an absence from employment for a reason described in any paragraph of section 2(a); and (ii) is calculated based on the employee's required compensation under subparagraph (B) and the number of hours the employee would otherwise be normally scheduled to work (or the number of hours calculated under subparagraph (C)), except that in no event shall such paid sick time exceed-- (I) $511 per day and $5,110 in the aggregate for a use described in paragraph (1), (2), or (3) of section 5102(a); and (II) $200 per day and $2,000 in the aggregate for a use described in paragraph (4), (5), or (6) of section 5102(a).

Subject to subparagraph (A)(ii), the employee's required compensation under this subparagraph shall be not less than the greater of the following: (I) The employee's regular rate of pay (as determined under section 7(e) of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (29 U.S.C. 207(e)). 

Subject to subparagraph (A)(ii), the employee's required compensation under this subparagraph shall be not less than the greater of the following: (II) The minimum wage rate in effect under section 6(a)(1) of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (29 U.S.C. 206(a)(1)). 

Subject to subparagraph (A)(ii), the employee's required compensation under this subparagraph shall be not less than the greater of the following: (III) The minimum wage rate in effect for such employee in the applicable State or locality, whichever is greater, in which the employee is employed.

Subject to subparagraph (A)(ii), with respect to any paid sick time provided for any use described in paragraph (4), (5), or (6) of section 5102(a), the employee's required compensation under this subparagraph shall be two-thirds of the amount described in clause (B)(i).

The Secretary of Labor shall have the authority to issue regulations for good cause under sections 553(b)(B) and 553(d)(A) of title 5, United States Code.

The purpose of this Convention is to safeguard the intangible cultural heritage.

The purpose of this Convention is to ensure respect for the intangible cultural heritage of the communities concerned.

The purpose of this Convention is to ensure respect for the intangible cultural heritage of the groups concerned.

The purpose of this Convention is to ensure respect for the intangible cultural heritage of the individuals concerned.

The purpose of this Convention is to raise awareness at the local level of the importance of the intangible cultural heritage.

The purpose of this Convention is to raise awareness at the national level of the importance of the intangible cultural heritage.

The purpose of this Convention is to raise awareness at the international level of the importance of the intangible cultural heritage.

The purpose of this Convention is to raise awareness at the local level of ensuring mutual appreciation the intangible cultural heritage.

The purpose of this Convention is to raise awareness at the national level of ensuring mutual appreciation the intangible cultural heritage.

The purpose of this Convention is to raise awareness at the international level of ensuring mutual appreciation the intangible cultural heritage.

The purpose of this Convention is to provide for international cooperation.

The purpose of this Convention is to provide for international assistance.

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage” means the practices that communities recognize as part of their cultural heritage. 

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage” means the practices that groups recognize as part of their cultural heritage. 

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage” means the practices that individuals recognize as part of their cultural heritage, in some cases. 

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage” means the instruments associated with the practices that communities recognize as part of their cultural heritage. 

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage” means the instruments associated with the practices that groups recognize as part of their cultural heritage. 

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage” means the instruments associated with the practices that individuals recognize as part of their cultural heritage, in some cases.

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage” means the objects associated with the practices that communities recognize as part of their cultural heritage. 

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage” means the objects associated with the practices that groups recognize as part of their cultural heritage. 

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage” means the objects associated with the practices that individuals recognize as part of their cultural heritage, in some cases.

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage” means the artefacts associated with the practices that communities recognize as part of their cultural heritage. 

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage” means the artefacts associated with the practices that groups recognize as part of their cultural heritage. 

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage” means the artefacts associated with the practices that individuals recognize as part of their cultural heritage, in some cases.

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage” means the cultural spaces associated with the practices that communities recognize as part of their cultural heritage. 

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage” means the cultural spaces associated with the practices that groups recognize as part of their cultural heritage. 

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage” means the cultural spaces associated with the practices that individuals recognize as part of their cultural heritage, in some cases.

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage” means the representations that communities recognize as part of their cultural heritage. 

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage” means the representations that groups recognize as part of their cultural heritage. 

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage” means the representations that individuals recognize as part of their cultural heritage, in some cases. 

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage” means the instruments associated with the representations that communities recognize as part of their cultural heritage. 

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage” means the instruments associated with the representations that groups recognize as part of their cultural heritage. 

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage” means the instruments associated with the representations that individuals recognize as part of their cultural heritage, in some cases.

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage” means the objects associated with the representations that communities recognize as part of their cultural heritage. 

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage” means the objects associated with the representations that groups recognize as part of their cultural heritage. 

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage” means the objects associated with the representations that individuals recognize as part of their cultural heritage, in some cases.

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage” means the artefacts associated with the representations that communities recognize as part of their cultural heritage. 

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage” means the artefacts associated with the representations that groups recognize as part of their cultural heritage. 

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage” means the artefacts associated with the representations that individuals recognize as part of their cultural heritage, in some cases.

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage” means the cultural spaces associated with the representations that communities recognize as part of their cultural heritage. 

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage” means the cultural spaces associated with the representations that groups recognize as part of their cultural heritage. 

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage” means the cultural spaces associated with the representations that individuals recognize as part of their cultural heritage, in some cases.

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage” means the expressions that communities recognize as part of their cultural heritage. 

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage” means the expressions that groups recognize as part of their cultural heritage. 

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage” means the expressions that individuals recognize as part of their cultural heritage, in some cases. 

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage” means the instruments associated with the expressions that communities recognize as part of their cultural heritage. 

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage” means the instruments associated with the expressions that groups recognize as part of their cultural heritage. 

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage” means the instruments associated with the expressions that individuals recognize as part of their cultural heritage, in some cases.

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage” means the objects associated with the expressions that communities recognize as part of their cultural heritage. 

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage” means the objects associated with the expressions that groups recognize as part of their cultural heritage. 

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage” means the objects associated with the expressions that individuals recognize as part of their cultural heritage, in some cases.

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage” means the artefacts associated with the expressions that communities recognize as part of their cultural heritage. 

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage” means the artefacts associated with the expressions that groups recognize as part of their cultural heritage. 

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage” means the artefacts associated with the expressions that individuals recognize as part of their cultural heritage, in some cases.

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage” means the cultural spaces associated with the expressions that communities recognize as part of their cultural heritage. 

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage” means the cultural spaces associated with the expressions that groups recognize as part of their cultural heritage. 

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage” means the cultural spaces associated with the expressions that individuals recognize as part of their cultural heritage, in some cases.

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage” means the knowledge that communities recognize as part of their cultural heritage. 

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage” means the knowledge that groups recognize as part of their cultural heritage. 

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage” means the knowledge that individuals recognize as part of their cultural heritage, in some cases. 

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage” means the instruments associated with the knowledge that communities recognize as part of their cultural heritage. 

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage” means the instruments associated with the knowledge that groups recognize as part of their cultural heritage. 

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage” means the instruments associated with the knowledge that individuals recognize as part of their cultural heritage, in some cases.

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage” means the objects associated with the knowledge that communities recognize as part of their cultural heritage. 

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage” means the objects associated with the knowledge that groups recognize as part of their cultural heritage. 

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage” means the objects associated with the knowledge that individuals recognize as part of their cultural heritage, in some cases.

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage” means the artefacts associated with the knowledge that communities recognize as part of their cultural heritage. 

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage” means the artefacts associated with the knowledge that groups recognize as part of their cultural heritage. 

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage” means the artefacts associated with the knowledge that individuals recognize as part of their cultural heritage, in some cases.

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage” means the cultural spaces associated with the knowledge that communities recognize as part of their cultural heritage. 

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage” means the cultural spaces associated with the knowledge that groups recognize as part of their cultural heritage. 

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage” means the cultural spaces associated with the knowledge that individuals recognize as part of their cultural heritage, in some cases.

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage” means the skills that communities recognize as part of their cultural heritage. 

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage” means the skills that groups recognize as part of their cultural heritage. 

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage” means the skills that individuals recognize as part of their cultural heritage, in some cases. 

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage” means the instruments associated with the skills that communities recognize as part of their cultural heritage. 

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage” means the instruments associated with the skills that groups recognize as part of their cultural heritage. 

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage” means the instruments associated with the skills that individuals recognize as part of their cultural heritage, in some cases.

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage” means the objects associated with the skills that communities recognize as part of their cultural heritage. 

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage” means the objects associated with the skills that groups recognize as part of their cultural heritage. 

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage” means the objects associated with the skills that individuals recognize as part of their cultural heritage, in some cases.

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage” means the artefacts associated with the skills that communities recognize as part of their cultural heritage. 

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage” means the artefacts associated with the skills that groups recognize as part of their cultural heritage. 

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage” means the artefacts associated with the skills that individuals recognize as part of their cultural heritage, in some cases.

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage” means the cultural spaces associated with the skills that communities recognize as part of their cultural heritage. 

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage” means the cultural spaces associated with the skills that groups recognize as part of their cultural heritage. 

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage” means the cultural spaces associated with the skills that individuals recognize as part of their cultural heritage, in some cases.

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage”, as defined in paragraph 1 above, is manifested inter alia in the following domains oral traditions, including language as a vehicle of the intangible cultural heritage.

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage”, as defined in paragraph 1 above, is manifested inter alia in the following domains expressions, including language as a vehicle of the intangible cultural heritage.

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage”, as defined in paragraph 1 above, is manifested inter alia in the following domains performing arts.

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage”, as defined in paragraph 1 above, is manifested inter alia in the following domains social practices.

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage”, as defined in paragraph 1 above, is manifested inter alia in the following domains rituals.

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage”, as defined in paragraph 1 above, is manifested inter alia in the following domains festive events.

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage”, as defined in paragraph 1 above, is manifested inter alia in the following domains knowledge concerning nature.

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage”, as defined in paragraph 1 above, is manifested inter alia in the following domains knowledge the universe.

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage”, as defined in paragraph 1 above, is manifested inter alia in the following domains practices concerning nature.

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage”, as defined in paragraph 1 above, is manifested inter alia in the following domains practices concerning the universe.

For the purposes of this Convention, the “intangible cultural heritage”, as defined in paragraph 1 above, is manifested inter alia in the following domains traditional craftsmanship.

For the purposes of this Convention, “safeguarding” means measures aimed at ensuring the viability of the intangible cultural heritage, including the identification, documentation, research, preservation, protection, promotion, enhancement, transmission, particularly through formal and non-formal education, as well as the revitalization of the various aspects of such heritage.

This Convention applies mutatis mutandis to the territories referred to in Article 33 which become Parties to this Convention in accordance with the conditions set out in that Article. 

To that extent the expression “States Parties” also refers to such territories.

Nothing in this Convention may be interpreted as altering the status of protection under the 1972 Convention concerning the Protection of the World Cultural and Natural Heritage of World Heritage properties with which an item of the intangible cultural heritage is directly associated.

Nothing in this Convention may be interpreted as diminishing the level of protection under the 1972 Convention concerning the Protection of the World Cultural and Natural Heritage of World Heritage properties with which an item of the intangible cultural heritage is directly associated. 

An Intergovernmental Committee for the Safeguarding of the Intangible Cultural Heritage, hereinafter referred to as “the Committee”, is hereby established within UNESCO. 

[the Committee] shall be composed of representatives of 18 States Parties, elected by the States Parties meeting in General Assembly, once this Convention enters into force in accordance with Article 34.

The number of States Members of the Committee shall be increased to 24 once the number of the States Parties to the Convention reaches 50.

The election of States Members of the Committee shall obey the principles of equitable geographical representation.

The election of States Members of the Committee shall obey the principles of equitable geographical rotation.

States Members of the Committee shall be elected for a term of four years by States Parties to the Convention meeting in General Assembly.

However, the term of office of half of the States Members of the Committee elected at the first election is limited to two years. 

These States shall be chosen by lot at the first election.

A State Member of the Committee may not be elected for two consecutive terms.

Without prejudice to other prerogatives granted to [the Committee] by this Convention, the functions of the Committee shall be. 

The Committee shall be answerable to the General Assembly. It shall report to it on all its activities and decisions.

The Committee shall adopt its own Rules of Procedure by a two-thirds majority of its Members.

The Committee shall be assisted by the UNESCO Secretariat.

